[Music]
[Applause]
welcome to disturbing comics where we
talk about the craziest comics
it's been nine months since the last one
and it's because i honestly didn't feel
like doing it
well we're back on it now the single
most recommended comic slash manga from
you all has been
metamorphosis authored by shindo l
metamorphosis is about a shy and quiet
girl
who wants to become more social and
popular as she enters high school
however a combination of the wrong
decisions
plus bad company literally takes her on
a
sad and depressing road filled with
drug-filled sex
and just depression prepare yourself
this story is a bucket of [ __ ] it's a
[ __ ]
buck if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up stuff
stay tuned for the comic oh yeah cue to
gohan
middle school graduation day i don't
even remember the eighth grade
sake yoshida though she didn't have a
good middle school experience
saki didn't make any friends on middle
school
leaving her bitter about herself she
wants to get out of her introverted
shell
and be a person people want to be
friends well
i don't think introversion is a shell
though a lot of people who act
introverted won't even admit that
they're introverted because they think
it just means
anti-social loner well saki isn't very
anti-social at all
she went right to her mother to learn
how to apply makeup and get her hair
done
she did on the first day of high school
saki is turning heads with her new look
she becomes that girl and follows that
road to confidence
the problem is that saki is very naive
and impressionable
as most people are saki has never been
flirted with before
she's instantly smitten with some random
guy she met at this convenience store on
papo street
this isn't a student he's a grown ass
man who influences her to go hang out at
a karaoke place
again she's so new to this whole hookup
thing
and he can tell they move really fast
into kissing and
eventually sex now i don't know if i
mentioned this in the beginning but this
is a hentai manga
so all you really need to know is that
saki has sex with some random ass dude
who she doesn't know the name of
but also he gives her some drug that
makes her very
receptive she becomes a [ __ ] buddy for
this guy whose name is hayato
hayato is apparently the only person she
could connect with this is because with
her new appearance
means not revealing much so people don't
think she is
playing that's why a lot of people don't
reveal things in their relationships
because they're afraid of looking
uninteresting still
fitting in is going to cost money and
her classmates get a lot of money from
doing compensated dating
sake gets signed up in everything so
that she can participate too
her first client is some middle-aged man
who chose her for that
innocent look she carries now again this
is a hentai
of course and most of the pages are lots
of sex
one thing about saki that i haven't seen
anybody mention though is that she's
she's a little masochistic i don't much
care about that i mean that's fine
you know you do you but it has a unique
feeling to this story when she's
welcoming her own humiliation the client
is pretty dirty too
let's just say this he thinks that if
women have a purpose
it's to be piped sake gets home very
late and what mother wouldn't be mad at
that
the most important thing is that her
mother wants her daughter to feel safe
and trusting of her family
that's what makes a good parent right
when you can literally tell them stuff
and not be afraid
but rather support it saki has a new
problem though
some classmates of her took pictures of
her exiting a love hotel
after the sex with that client now to
get them to not
reveal things she does sexual stuff for
them
now i'll be honest i think this next
segment was a bit
forced but it's getting to be like a
strange circus up in here
saki's father gets fired from his job
and like a good daughter she offers to
take up some part-time work
it's here that the father begins to look
at his daughter the wrong way
late at night he comes in a room drunk
as hell and pretty much
rapes her again she's a bit masochistic
so she's a little receptive to this
this incest between the two goes on for
a minute even when she's trying to save
her reputation at school by having sex
with lots of boys who hold
evidence of her doing compensated dating
eventually though she finds her school
desk
vandalized secretly by them same girls
who befriended her
they set her up for this fall after all
they recommended her doing compensated
dating
and then sent their [ __ ] ass boy toys
to take pictures of her
now i don't know how common this
vandalism is today but
with how dignified these japanese high
schools seem to be
you think the facility would do
something about that
anyway she runs out crying hoping her
mother can help
she was the one who told saki that she
could always
trust her family as soon as she gets
home her mother
literally slaps that belief out of her
head her mother slaps her and beats her
because she's been having sex with the
father
it's not even that it's because she
thinks saki seduced her father
when we know damn well it was the other
way around at least
see how we get strange circus up in here
after beating her
and giving her husband a pass she kicks
her own daughter out on the streets
that's the opposite of what her mother
should do especially what she would do
with nowhere left to go she lives with
that hayato guy from before
she really loves him i guess unaware of
how he really sees her
she hangs with him since she doesn't go
to school or live at home
and that means being around the
criminals he is usually around
hayato isn't too defined he is in depth
and
usually hangs around these demeaning
drug dealers
he owes like 8 million yen and our naive
sake
offers to help him pay off that debt
this includes mostly
lending her body in the masochistic
fashion she inhabits
now skipping the dark sex saki goes
through another change in appearance
she has piercings done in a drugs state
and got a tan and blonde dyed hair she's
working as a prostitute to help support
herself
and pay off hayato's debt she is
pregnant though
and of course hayato makes her get an
abortion
because he wants to be sure it's his son
and abortion
is something she doesn't want to go
through again she continues her
prostitution work but
at one point encounters a familiar old
man
the same guy she had a compensated date
with months back
however this time he wants nothing to do
with sake
he thinks that dying her hair tanning
her skin and getting those piercings
devalue her as
worthless he gives her money just so she
can eat she
begs to earn this money though and that
just again gets her into some
humiliation sex we can just skip even
after that
she has sex with hayato's drug dealer
friends while hopped up on one of those
needle drugs
i don't really know drugs like that so
honestly these sex
pictures and frames are very disgusting
seeing her drugged up many times in
these stories
is painful to look at she wakes up in
the trash after getting robbed of her
money during her drugged slumber
still she goes back to that same drug
dealer who has sex with her again for
money
instead of money he gives her more drugs
and drugs reveals heyato's true colors
when he finds the drugs he kicks her out
and now
she really has no home anymore even
worse is that
she is dependent on these drugs now saki
is raped and sodomized by
two homeless people while taking shelter
at a playground
it's very gross it's pretty gross like
really gross since not
only is she high with her drugged up
orgasm faces
but they are homeless people who haven't
showered in years probably and yes
he he drew every detail when she wakes
up she finds herself in a shanty town
for homeless people
ironically these are the people who help
her
in some degree she vomits soon it's
pretty gross but
it means she's pregnant again this time
though saki
she doesn't want to get an abortion she
doesn't want to get another abortion
all she wants to do is protect this baby
and change herself for this child's sake
some time passes probably but saki
hasn't been doing what she needs for the
baby
she's still dependent on those drugs and
still having sex with various men for
shelter
so this part of the story hits the
hardest
it's just really uncomfortable seeing a
girl like this affected by drugs and on
the street
she's been saving up money though with
all that money she needs to get some
help right away
and some kind of sick irony her old
classmates come across and bully the
homeless girl
they don't recognize her but even if
they did it wouldn't stop the sick
bullying they do on her
they beat her and kick her stomach
everywhere and even push a bottle inside
of her
okay so saki's story comes to a close
a sad and depressing one at that she
looks in the mirror showing us this
strange
metamorphosis she went through she slams
her own head against the mirror
breaking it and takes the rest of her
drugs
this causes her to overdose but die with
a smile
so saki is dead but before dying she has
a dream
where she imagines herself as a mother a
mother who defeated her struggles
and got through her drug addiction and
everything to secure a good life for her
daughter
it's a sad ending but showing the broken
glasses on the floor reveals that was
of course just a dream and life moves on
alright so that was pretty hard to read
i haven't felt that bad since i read
that junko faroota manga by uzugawaita
it wasn't as bad as that one for me but
still this was very depressing
now that ending is put up to
interpretation
so you could easily say that saki did
survive
and live through everything to birth her
daughter but
after the release of the manga it seems
common to retconned it
so that she gets a happier ending the
author
shindo l shindol he even makes frames in
which saki is just a character in a film
meaning this whole story was just
scripted he also makes some
jojo's bizarre adventures funny page in
which characters from that manga save
saki if even the author would like to
show a better alternative fursaki
then perhaps retroactively saki really
did survive her troubles
see wasaki needed was a kiryu anybody
with a caring heart
everybody in this story was just so evil
and selfish
like i don't know real life
metamorphosis was the most axe for a
comic and here it is
so tell me what's next another manga or
should we start on american comics
regardless thanks for joining me on this
video it's pretty intimidating to make
videos like this
when people are used to the disturbing
breakdowns
so here's the last disturbing comics
video still
pretty hopeless but maybe you're on a
roll so why not
again thanks for watching spooky out